[API] Sites endpoint (#7771)
aces/Loris: modules/api/docs/LorisRESTAPI_v0.0.4-dev.md

with all BIDS files retrieved from `/candidates/$CandID/$Visit/recordings/$Filename`.

Only `GET` is currently supported.

## 7.0 Sites API

The Sites API list available sites for the requesting user.

```
GET /sites
```

Will return a list of sites in this Loris instance. There is no corresponding PUT or PATCH
request. The JSON returned is of the form:

```js
{
  "Sites" : [
    {
      "Name": "string",
      "Alias": "string",
      "MRI alias": "string"
    },
    ...
  ]
}
```

> `Alias` and `MRI alias` are short strings that are used as "tags" to identify a site or a group of sites. Those aliases are often used for display or file nameing purposes. (e.g: PSCID generation, minc files naming convention, ...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Alias` and `MRI alias` are short strings that are used as "tags" to identify a site or a group of sites. Those aliases are often used for display or file naming purposes. (e.g: PSCID generation `MTL00001`). The `MRI alias` field is typically populated only for sites which collect imaging data. 
```

> * Note that only the `Name` property is unique accross all sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Note that only the `Name` property is unique across all sites.
```
typo
